{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f4\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 000b0500000000000000}Helvetica;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}
{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f77\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Helvetica CE;}{\f78\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Helvetica Cyr;}
{\f80\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Helvetica Greek;}{\f81\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Helvetica Tur;}{\f82\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Helvetica (Hebrew);}{\f83\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Helvetica (Arabic);}{\f84\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Helvetica Baltic;}
{\f85\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Helvetica (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f4\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \f1\fs20\cf0 \sbasedon10 \spersonal EmailStyle15;}{\*\cs16 \additive 
\f1\fs20\cf0 \sbasedon10 \spersonal EmailStyle16;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 \styrsid12915951 Plain Text;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4479391\rsid5579235\rsid7738559\rsid12915951}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.3416;}{\info{\author jfrasca}{\operator jfrasca}{\creatim\yr2004\mo5\dy19\hr13\min39}{\revtim\yr2004\mo5\dy19\hr13\min39}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages16}
{\nofwords4983}{\nofchars28408}{\*\company Technical Publications}{\nofcharsws33325}{\vern16453}}\margl1319\margr1319 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot4479391 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid12915951\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12915951 \b\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid7738559\charrsid12915951 
\par Delphi 7.1 Update 
\par Release Notes
\par 
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par This file contains important supplemental and late-breaking
\par information that may not appear in the main product
\par documentation, and supersedes information contained in other
\par documents, including previously installed release notes.
\par Borland recommends that you read this file in its entirety.
\par 
\par NOTE:  If you are updating a localized version of Delphi 7,
\par        visit the Borland Registered User web site to obtain a
\par        localized readme file that may contain important late-
\par        breaking information not included in this readme file.
\par 
\par IMPORTANT:  Delphi must be closed before installing this
\par             update.            
\par             
\par =====================================================
\par 
\par CONTENTS
\par 
\par  * INSTALLING THIS UPDATE
\par  * UPDATING LOCALIZED VERSIONS OF DELPHI 7
\par  * KNOWN ISSUES 
\par  * ISSUES ADDRESSED BY THIS UPDATE
\par    - IDE
\par    - CORE DATABASE
\par    - DATASNAP
\par    - DBGO (ADO COMPONENTS)
\par    - dbExpress
\par      - dbExpress COMPONENTS AND DB VCL
\par      - dbExpress CORE DRIVER AND METADATA
\par      - dbExpress VENDOR ISSUES
\par      - dbExpress CERTIFICATION
\par    - ACTIVEX
\par    - COMPILER
\par    - RTL
\par    - VCL
\par    - THIRD PARTY - BOLD FOR DELPHI
\par  * VERIFYING THAT THE UPDATE WAS SUCCESSFUL  
\par  * FILES INSTALLED BY THIS UPDATE
\par   
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par INSTALLING THIS UPDATE
\par 
\par * This update can not be applied to Delphi 7 Architect Trial
\par   version.
\par   
\par * This update can not be removed after it is installed.
\par 
\par * You will need the original Delphi 7 installation CD available
\par   to install this update.
\par 
\par * To install this update from the CD, insert the CD, and launch
\par   the d7_ent_upd1.exe file appropriate for your locale.
\par 
\par * To install this update from the Web, double-click the 
\par   self-executing installation file and follow the prompts.
\par   
\par * The Delphi 7 documentation PDF files are available on
\par   the update CD.
\par 
\par ========================================================
\par 
\par UPDATING LOCALIZED VERSIONS OF DELPHI 7
\par 
\par * This update can be applied only to the English version of
\par   Delphi 7. There are separate updates for the German, French
\par   and Japanese versions of Delphi 7.
\par  
\par * This update provides new localized versions of the SqlConst
\par   files. After installing the update, backup and delete the
\par   following files from the Delphi 7 installation folder:
\par   
\par   Lib\\Debug\\SqlConst.dcu
\par   Lib\\SqlConst.dcu
\par   Source\\Vcl\\SqlConst.pas
\par   
\par   and then remove the appropriate locale extension (.de, .fr, or
\par   .jp) from the new SqlConst files in the same folders. For
\par   example, for the French version of Delphi, rename
\par   SqlConst.dcu.fr to SqlConst.dcu.
\par   
\par ========================================================
\par 
\par KNOWN ISSUES
\par 
\par dbExpress 
\par 
\par * After installing this update, the dbxdrivers.ini file will not
\par   contain an entry for MSSQL=1. If you require that entry, edit
\par   the ini file manually after installing the update. By default,
\par   dbxdrivers.ini is located at C:\\Program Files\\Common
\par   Files\\Borland Shared\\DBExpress.
\par   
\par * When installing this update, the existing registry values for
\par   the dbExpress connection and driver registry files
\par   (dbxconnections.ini and dbxdrivers.ini) are overwritten with
\par   the default location (C:\\Program Files\\Common Files\\Borland
\par   Shared\\DBExpress) if the "Common Files" directory is installed
\par   on a different, non-default drive. This causes a
\par   "Driver/Connection Registry File 'C:\\Program Files\\Common
\par   Files\\Borland Shared\\DBExpress\\dbx....' not found" error at
\par   design time when Delphi attempts to locate one of these files.
\par  
\par   To resolve this issue, perform the following steps after
\par   installing this update:
\par    
\par   1. Shutdown Delphi 7. 
\par   
\par   2. Modify the registry key value
\par      'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Borland\\DBExpress\\Connection
\par      Registry File' to reflect the actual location of your
\par      dbxconnections.ini file (see the warning below).  
\par   
\par   3. Modify the registry key value
\par      'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Borland\\DBExpress\\Driver
\par      Registry File'  to reflect the actual location of your
\par      dbxdrivers.ini file.
\par      
\par   WARNING ABOUT EDITING THE REGISTRY
\par  
\par   Perform Windows registry edits at your own risk.  The registry
\par   is a critical component of your operating system, and any
\par   mistakes made while editing it can cause your machine to stop
\par   functioning. This document and  other product documentation
\par   describes how to edit your registry. In most cases, Borland
\par   recommends using the Microsoft Regedit tool to perform
\par   editing. Whatever tool you use, however, you should, before
\par   making any edits, make backups of your registry and thoroughly
\par   familiarize yourself with the editing tool and the registry
\par   editing process.
\par    
\par Unofficial Patches 
\par 
\par * If you have updated any Borland packages in the system32
\par   directory with unofficial patches or updates from CodeCentral,
\par   MSI might revert (auto-repair) those packages to their
\par   previous version during installation of this update.
\par   Therefore, after installing this update, you may need to 
\par   re-install unofficial patches or updates.
\par   
\par Empty Help Index Tab
\par 
\par * Due to a Windows Help engine limitation on Windows 98 and
\par   Millennium, the Help system Index tab will be empty if the
\par   index exceeds 32,767 keywords. 
\par   
\par   If you encounter an empty Help Index tab after installing this
\par   update, open the d7.ohi file in the Delphi7\\Help folder and
\par   comment out one or more of the index entries by changing the
\par   colon in column one to a semi-colon, as shown here:
\par   
\par   ;Index Open Tools API (IOTA)=d7iota.hlp
\par 
\par   Save the d7.ohi file and delete any hidden *.GID files in your
\par   Delphi7/Help folder before restarting the Help.  
\par   
\par   This modification reduces the number of index keywords, but
\par   does not affect other Help system functionality, such as
\par   cross-file linking or F1 accessibility.
\par   
\par ========================================================
\par 
\par ISSUES ADDRESSED BY THIS UPDATE
\par 
\par This readme lists the maintenance for all editions of Delphi 7;
\par not all of the features mentioned in this file are available in
\par all editions of the product.
\par 
\par This update resolves the following issues:
\par 
\par IDE
\par 
\par * Using the up/down arrow keys to navigate and select items from
\par   the Code Completion window sometimes skips items (Quality
\par   Central 2875).
\par   
\par * In the Project Manager, units are incorrectly displayed in the
\par   order that they are listed in the USES clause, rather than
\par   alphabetically.
\par   
\par * Using collections containing component references and form
\par   inheritance can result in incorrect references being stored in
\par   the dfm file.
\par 
\par =======================================================
\par   
\par CORE DATABASE
\par 
\par * TFMTBCDField initializes to size 8 instead of size 4, allowing 
\par   the system to initialize precision to 7 and size to 8 
\par   (Quality Central 5938).
\par   
\par * Using a TDBLookupComboBox to display a list of data given
\par   by a detail TQuery results in the error "Field '' not found"
\par   (Quality Central 5384 and 4823).
\par   
\par * TDBRadioGroup maintains its focus on the most recently
\par   selected item, even after an edit has been canceled
\par   (Quality Central 2109).
\par   
\par * When using persistent TStringField objects, if the Size
\par   property is set to a value larger than the database column it
\par   references, data in neighboring fields may be overwritten
\par   (Quality Central 3974).  To prevent this, the Size property is
\par   now automatically reset to match the underlying database
\par   column size when the dataset is opened. This reset will occur
\par   at either design time or runtime, but it does not affect 
\par   read-only fields.
\par 
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par DATASNAP
\par 
\par * After deleting a row from a TClientDataset, sometimes the
\par   delta dataset still contains a record.  This happens if you
\par   populate the Nested Dataset field before populating another
\par   field that precedes it in the field order.
\par   
\par * The TClientDataSet.ApplyUpdates method fails if the dataset 
\par   contains only changes to fields that have the 
\par   ProviderFlags.pfnUpdate property set to False 
\par   (Quality Central 2338).
\par   
\par * TClientDataSet does not order correctly on a TLargeIntField 
\par   when used in an index or in the IndexFieldNames property 
\par   (Quality Central 1050 & 2626)
\par   
\par * TAggregateField returns an incorrect value after a 
\par   filter was used and then cleared (Quality Central 1712).
\par  
\par * A "Key violation" exception may incorrectly be generated
\par   when using poFetchDetailsOnDemand with a nested dataset that
\par   also has an InternalCalc field (Quality Central 2011).
\par   
\par * TClientDataSet may contain invalid Delta entries when using 
\par   poPropogateChanges. (Quality Central 2019 & 2333).
\par   
\par * Editing the value of an InternalCalc field on a nested 
\par   TClientDataset causes the ChangeCount property of the 
\par   parent dataset to increase (Quality Central 2027).
\par   
\par * A TLargeIntField cannot be used as a linking field in a 
\par   master/detail relationship.  Doing so results in the 
\par   error "Cannot access field <fieldname> as type variant."
\par   
\par * TClientDataSet doesn't save data to file when FileName is 
\par   set and there is no existing file on disk 
\par   (Quality Central 2307).
\par   
\par * Using the Delphi 7 version of midas.dll to open an XML file
\par   that was saved with the Delphi 6 version of midas.dll results
\par   in an illegal operation.
\par   
\par * Incorrect filter expression parsing occurs when parsing a
\par   value that contains a quote in TClientDataSet. The expression
\par   parser incorrectly treats the rest of the expression as a
\par   formula (Quality Central 1266). 
\par   
\par * TClientDataSet.ChangeCount will return an incorrect value 
\par   when editing the value of a TStringField or a 
\par   TWideStringField and then reverting it to the original value 
\par   (Quality Central 2717 & 4508).
\par   
\par * Canceling an update to an individual field by assigning the
\par   "unassigned" (varEmpty) value to TField.NewValue in the
\par   TDataSetProvider.BeforeUpdateRecord event handler does not
\par   work (Quality Central 3660).
\par   
\par * TClientDataset InternalCalc fields are reset to null after 
\par   calling the ApplyUpdates method when using 
\par   poPropogateChanges (Quality Central  3777).
\par   
\par * When using incremental fetching on a TClientDataset with 
\par   parameters, the associated TDatasetProvider will repeatedly 
\par   return the same set of records (Quality Central 3515).
\par   
\par * TClientDataset.FindKey will fail with an list index error
\par   when used on a cloned nested dataset (Quality Central 3786).
\par   
\par * When the size of a Persistent field in TClientDataSet is set
\par   too large, it overwrites neighboring fields upon Post 
\par   (Quality Central 3974).
\par   
\par * TDataSetProvider generates incorrect SQL in response to a 
\par   RefreshRecord request in some cases and fails to update 
\par   all fields properly (Quality Central 4014).
\par   
\par * When TDataSetProvider obtains the DB 'current' values 
\par   after an update conflict, it does so against the wrong
\par   fields (Quality Central 4006).
\par   
\par * TClientDataSet.Delete fails with the error "Cannot
\par   delete master record with details" even when all of the
\par   details are deleted if the detail table was previously
\par   cloned (Quality Central 5646).
\par  
\par * In some cases, records may disappear from a nested 
\par   TClientDataset after performing edits, applying updates 
\par   and calling refresh (Quality Central 7287).
\par   
\par * When multiple indexes are included with the data from a 
\par   provider, the IndexDef entries in the TClientDataset 
\par   will show duplicate 'Fields' and 'DescFields' values 
\par   (Quality Central 7543).
\par   
\par * When updating blob fields in a TClientDataset with the 
\par   LogChanges property set to False, blob data is lost 
\par   from other unrelated records (Quality Central 6591).
\par   
\par * Using a Filter or Locate with a TLargeIntField on a 
\par   TClientDataSet will always fail with the error 
\par   "Constant is not correct type". 
\par   (Quality Central 6142 & 3496).
\par   
\par * Calling the CancelRange method on nested TClientDataset 
\par   will cause all records for every master record to be 
\par   displayed (Quality Central 4301).
\par   
\par * When using RefreshRecord on a Memo or Blobfield and the field
\par   has been modified by another user, the blobsize of that field
\par   does not change if it is less than before (Quality Central 4676).
\par 
\par * Calling the TClientDataset.Locate method on a TWordField 
\par   always returns false (Quality Central 5319).
\par 
\par * Using the TDataSetProvider poFetchDetailsOnDemand option 
\par   with a server-side master/detail definition (nested dataset 
\par   on the client side) raises an exception when the master
\par   TClientDataset is opened (Quality Central 5707).
\par 
\par * TClientDataset may create an incorrect delta when inserting
\par   new master and detail records and then editing the same 
\par   master record a second time (Quality Central 6849).
\par   
\par * The assignment of a LargeInt field to another LargeInt field
\par   fails when the destination and source are both TLargeIntFields
\par   (Quality Central 6393).
\par 
\par * When Params are passed from a TClientDataSet to a 
\par   TDatasetProvider, the Size,Precision, and NumericScale property 
\par   settings are lost (Quality Central 6308).
\par   
\par * TClientDataSet allocates values against nested dataset 
\par   AutoInc fields but it should not (Quality Central 5509).
\par 
\par * When using a TimeStamp type parameter with a TClientDataSet an
\par   error occurs when the parameter is passed to the server
\par   (Quality Central 6372). 
\par   
\par * Setting MTSDataModule.AutoComplete to False in the IDE is
\par   overridden and set back to True at run time (Quality Central
\par   4716).
\par 
\par * Calls to ApplyUpdates(-1) on a TMTSDataModule do not work
\par   properly (Quality Central 6906).
\par   
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par DBGO (ADO Components)
\par 
\par * Using TParameter.Assign(TParam) or TParam.Assign(TParameter)
\par   causes incorrect settings of the Size, NumericScale, and
\par   Precision properties (Quality Central 6366).
\par   
\par * When values in persistent TMemoFields are returned after
\par   reading a row of a TADOTable, the values are truncated at the
\par   first occurrence of #0 (Quality Central 2771).
\par   
\par * When using TADOQuery to get a result set from a SQL query, the
\par   SQL statement gets prepared but never gets unprepared
\par   Quality Central 3635).
\par   
\par * With a query, when using cursorType set to ctOpenForwardOnly
\par   and cursorLocation set to clUseServer, the "First" method will
\par   move the cursor position to the second record (Quality Central
\par   4769).
\par     
\par * Setting the value of a TLargeInt field to a negative value in
\par   an ADODataSet and calling Post results in the error "Multiple-
\par   step operation generated errors. Check each status value"
\par   (Quality Central 2106).
\par   
\par * When using a SQL Server 2000 table with a BigInt or decimal 
\par   columns, negative values are incorrectly returned as positive 
\par   values by ADO components (Quality Central 2379 & 998).
\par 
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par dbExpress COMPONENTS
\par 
\par * When including the line delimiter ";" at the end of a select
\par   statement in TSQLQuery, then using the query and a
\par   TDataProvider to give data to a CDS, you cannot apply updates
\par   without encountering a the syntax error "Token unknown."
\par 
\par * Updating on a TSQLQuery with  either a WHERE clause or when
\par   adding a delimiter ";" results in the error "Unable to find
\par   record, no key specified."
\par   
\par * When using TSQLConnection and TSimpleDataSet to access a MySQL
\par   database, it is impossible to add new records to a table that
\par   has an auto-increment primary key (Quality Central 5465).
\par   
\par * When using the MySql driver, erroneous state information about
\par   the number of active statements with respect to a
\par   TSQLConnection might result in a transaction starting on one
\par   connection and a commit or rollback happening on another
\par   connection (Quality Central 1074).
\par   
\par * Updating on TSQLQuery with either a WHERE clause or when adding a
\par   delimiter ";" results in the error "Unable to find record, no
\par   key specified" (Quality Central 5550).
\par   
\par * When using TSQLQuery to add calculated fields, OnCalcFields
\par   fails on the first record, because all of the fields in the
\par   first record are empty after OnCalcFields is called (Quality
\par   Central 1328).
\par   
\par * Calling TSQLConnection.getTableNames() to retrieve system
\par   tables takes too long.
\par 
\par * Using TSQLConnection.CloneConnection may result in the loss of
\par   the TableScope status for a new connection (Quality Central
\par   5867).
\par 
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par dbExpress CORE DRIVER AND METADATA
\par 
\par * DB2 V8 Support - Index Metadata retrieval:  (Quality Central
\par   4150) Querying for a table with a unique index fails with
\par   "Cannot convert a variant of type (Null) to type (String)"
\par 
\par * DB2 V8 Support - Fetching a stored procedure parameter fails.
\par 
\par * MySQL 4.0.x support (Quality Central 3731).
\par 
\par * MySQL driver supports only the default Port (Quality Central 3736).
\par 
\par * MySQL SQLCommand.GetRowsAffected returns 0 on successful
\par   updates (Quality Central 4504).
\par 
\par * MySQL TimeStamp comes back as NOT NULL always (Quality
\par   Central 4689).
\par 
\par * MySQL metadata causing data truncation (Quality Central
\par   4160).
\par 
\par * AV on SQLCommand.Close() in MySQL driver (Quality Central
\par   5819).
\par 
\par * MySQL metadata is retrieved from wrong database (Quality
\par   Central 4130).
\par 
\par * An MSSQL stored procedure with long names causes memory
\par   corruption (Quality Central 3225).
\par 
\par * The MSSQL driver leaks resources on repeated SQL execution 
\par   (Quality Central 4059).
\par 
\par * MSSQL TimeStamp fraction part rounding error while fetching
\par   data.
\par 
\par * MSSQL - ExecDirect() does not return the RowsAffected.
\par 
\par * MSSQL return parameter is not available from a stored
\par   procedure returning cursor/cursors (Quality Central 3763).
\par 
\par * An MSSQL stored procedure with no parameters causes memory
\par   corruption.
\par 
\par * An MSSQL stored procedure does not return @@IDENTITY after a
\par   SP execution. The identity value is returned only on the third
\par   execution.
\par 
\par * ORACLE Functions are now supported (Quality Central 4051).
\par 
\par * ORACLE SQLCommand.getParameter() always returns the NULL
\par   indicator as True (Quality Central 4018).
\par 
\par * InterBase - Support for BOOLEAN data type has been added.
\par 
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par dbExpress VENDOR ISSUES
\par 
\par * MySQL -  Data truncation resulted as the cursor level metadata
\par   is incorrect. MySQLField.length is 1024 for the second columns
\par   after describing the SQL "Show create table tablename".  -
\par   (Quality Central - 1810)
\par 
\par * MSSQL - SubQuery parameter binding causes an AV in MSVCRT7.DLL
\par   (Quality Central 2767) - MS bug. Case # SRX030728604937.
\par 
\par * MSSQL Null parameter binding on a NOT NULL INTEGER columns
\par   fails with a SQL Error "SQL State:HY000, SQLError Code:0
\par   Invalid input parameter values" - MS bug Case
\par   #SRX030728605044. dbExpress MSSQL driver calls
\par   IDBCommand.Prepare() and that seems to cause this bug in
\par   SQLOLEDB.DLL.
\par 
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par dbExpress CERTIFICATION
\par 
\par dbExpress has been certified with the following database
\par versions:
\par 
\par InterBase 7.1  (*Driver should also work with InterBase 6.5, 7.0)
\par Oracle 9.1.0   (*Driver should also work with ORACLE 9.2.0)
\par DB2 UDB 8.x    (*Driver should also work with DB2 V7)
\par MSSQL 2000
\par Informix 9.x
\par MySQL 4.0.18
\par 
\par  * The driver should work with these database versions, however,
\par    it has not been fully certified with these versions.
\par   
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par ACTIVEX
\par 
\par * On Windows 98 SE, registering an OLE-server on a a shared
\par   mapped drive and then starting the program from a non-UNC path
\par   drive results in an endless loop (Quality Central 3151).
\par   
\par * ShortToLongFileName fails on some UNC paths, which makes TComServer
\par   fail when the executable is located on a remote computer
\par   (Quality Central 3049).
\par   
\par * Additional methods begin with GhostMethod_ are added to
\par   interface declarations which would not appear in Delphi 6
\par   (Quality Central 3426).
\par   
\par * SetOlePicture distorts the target TPicture size (Quality
\par   Central 4137).
\par 
\par =======================================================
\par  
\par COMPILER
\par 
\par * Assigning a partially empty multi-dimensional dynamic array to
\par   a variant causes an access violation.
\par   
\par * Converting an empty dynamic array to a variant array results
\par   in a non-empty variant array with the wrong bounds.
\par   
\par * Assert fails to break and leaves an FPU invalid op exception set
\par   (Quality Central 5248).
\par   
\par * Under some circumstances, optimization causes an access
\par   violation on a call to a dynamic + safecall method (Quality
\par   Central 5071). 
\par    
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par RTL
\par 
\par * In System.pas, function LoadResString(ResStringRec:
\par   PResStringRec): string; has a hard-coded buffer of 1024
\par   characters, which causes resource string table entries in
\par   excess of 1023 characters to be truncated (Quality Central
\par   7581).
\par   
\par * On Windows Server 2003, calls to SysUtils.GetEnvironmentVariable
\par   fail with an access violation wHen the requested
\par   environment variable does not exist (Quality Central 4319).
\par   
\par * When a variant array item is a string with embedded null
\par   characters (#0), Delphi treats those items as null-terminated
\par   strings when the string is assigned to an item of variant
\par   array (Quality Central 6078).
\par   
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par VCL
\par 
\par * Context and keyword help does not fire for the OnHelp events.
\par 
\par * Selecting a zero length (empty) item in drop-down combo box
\par   results in an access violation in ntdll.dll.
\par   
\par * Attempting to delete a single item from the TComboBoxEx ItemEx
\par   list, that item and the next item are deleted (Quality Central
\par   3991).
\par   
\par * Calling TBitmap.Assign(nil) may result in a GDI resource leak
\par   (Quality Central 2511).
\par   
\par * TRegistry class leaks a register key handle if LazyWrite is set to
\par   False.
\par   
\par * THashedStringList ignores the NameValueSeparator property
\par   (Quality Central 5632).
\par   
\par * In a DBCS environment, an exe filename that includes DBCS
\par   characters often garbles Application.Title (Quality Central
\par   5089).
\par   
\par * Menu items and images are sometimes drawn partially in black
\par   on Windows XP systems that have themes disabled (Quality Central
\par   2341).
\par   
\par * When the ValueListEditor Visible property is set to False, making
\par   it visible and adding a string at runtime may cause an access
\par   violation (Quality Central 4953).
\par   
\par * When connected to a network printer and the system hosting the
\par   network printer is offline, Printer.PageWidth may cause an
\par   access violation in GDI32.DLL (Quality Central 757).
\par 
\par * The OldCreateOrder property for a form that inherits from
\par   another form is automatically set to True when the form is
\par   saved (Quality Central 1675).
\par   
\par * When ending a Windows session (either by using Log Off or Shut
\par   Down) while a VCL-based Delphi application is running, no
\par   OnDestroy events on the application's forms are called, nor
\par   are any finalization sections executed. This may result in
\par   lost data and user settings (Quality Central 5332).
\par   
\par =======================================================
\par   
\par THIRD PARTY - BOLD FOR DELPHI
\par 
\par * SQLDatabaseConfig now contains settings for database evolution
\par   scripts (separator, terminator and commands for transaction
\par   start/commit). Logs can be saved from the evolution dialog
\par   (Quality Central 4679).
\par   
\par * BoldSelectChangeAction in BoldComboBox is now triggered more
\par   appropriately on incremental searches (Quality Central 2827).
\par 
\par * A potential infinite recursion problem in
\par   TBoldUnOrderedIndexableList.KnowsSupportsNil has been fixed.
\par 
\par * An assert with side-effects in TBoldObjectList.GetBoldObject
\par   has been changed. This affects debug dcus only.
\par 
\par * TBoldUMLModelValidator.ValidateClass no longer has a bad format
\par   string for one error. 
\par 
\par * TBoldDbDataValidator.Validate no longer validates without
\par   running any tests when not connected to a database.
\par 
\par * DBDataValidation no longer fails on parent or child mapped
\par   classes. 
\par 
\par * Performance of XMI Import has been improved (Quality Central 2827) .
\par 
\par * XMI Export now correctly exports multiplicity 0..n.
\par  
\par * Transaction grouping in optimistic locking has been improved
\par   by performing checks in the same transaction as the update
\par   (Quality Central 3123).
\par 
\par * A memory leak in the Object Lending Library has been fixed
\par   (Quality Central 3648).
\par 
\par * Several issues with BoldGrid and goTabs have been resolved
\par   (Quality Central 3903 and 3904).
\par 
\par * Saving modified multilinks no longer yields an index out of
\par   bounds condition under certain conditions (Quality Central
\par   4870).
\par 
\par * BoldSystemDebuggerForm no longer yields an access violation on
\par   the second invocation from a Bold Action (Quality Central
\par   6482).
\par 
\par * Certain combinations of tableMapping=Child and abstract
\par   classes have been improved (Quality Central 7110).
\par 
\par * The OCL operation includesAll no longer returns false when it
\par   should return true (Quality Central 3146).
\par 
\par * An Import problem with "Error: Class is already a relation class for
\par   another association" has been fixed (Quality Central 3093).
\par 
\par * TBoldEnvironmentConfiguration.DeactivateQueue no longer yields
\par   an access violation during finalization (Quality Central
\par   3227).
\par 
\par * An access violation in BoldMemoryManager during finalization
\par   of multi-threaded applications has been fixed.
\par 
\par * Model validation no longer incorrectly warns against parent
\par   mapped classes with derived attributes not allowing null.
\par 
\par * Relating objects belonging to different Bold systems is no
\par   longer allowed.
\par 
\par * Instructions for compiling IDL files have been improved.
\par   
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par VERIFYING THAT THE UPDATE WAS SUCCESSFUL
\par 
\par The final dialog of the update installer indicates whether the
\par update was successful. You can also:
\par 
\par * Open Delphi 7 and use "Help | About" to display the About Box.
\par   The product version should be:
\par   
\par   Version 7.0 (Build 8.1)
\par   
\par   (Before applying the update, the version is 7.0 (Build 4.453).) 
\par 
\par * Use the file list in "FILES INSTALLED BY THIS UPDATE" below to
\par   verify that the correct file versions are installed on your
\par   machine.
\par   
\par =======================================================
\par 
\par FILES INSTALLED BY THIS UPDATE
\par 
\par This update adds or updates the following Delphi files. The
\par following list includes files for all editions of Delphi.
\par By default, <InstallDir> is C:\\Program Files\\Delphi7.
\par 
\par Version          Path and File Name
\par -------          ------------------
\par 7.0.8.1          <InstallDir>\\bin\\coreide70.bpl
\par 7.1.1523.17956   <InstallDir>\\bin\\dbexpdb2.dll
\par 7.1.1523.17956   <InstallDir>\\bin\\dbexpInf.dll
\par 7.1.1523.17956   <InstallDir>\\bin\\dbexpInt.dll
\par 7.1.1523.17956   <InstallDir>\\bin\\dbexpmss.dll
\par 7.1.1523.17956   <InstallDir>\\bin\\dbexpmysql.dll
\par 7.1.1692.666     <InstallDir>\\bin\\dbexpora.dll
\par 7.0.8.1          <InstallDir>\\bin\\dcc32.exe
\par 7.0.8.1          <InstallDir>\\bin\\dcc70.dll
\par 7.0.8.1          <InstallDir>\\bin\\dclclxdb70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.1          <InstallDir>\\bin\\dcldb70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.1          <InstallDir>\\bin\\dcldbx70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.1          <InstallDir>\\bin\\delphi32.exe
\par 7.0.8.1          <InstallDir>\\bin\\designide70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.1          <InstallDir>\\bin\\dfm70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.2          <InstallDir>\\bin\\orbpas45.dll
\par 7.0.8.1          <InstallDir>\\bin\\tlib70.bpl
\par                  
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\idl45\\corba.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\ADODB.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\adortl.dcp
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\axctrls.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\comctrls.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\ComServ.dcu 
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\DB.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\DBClient.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\DBCommon.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\DBCtrls.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\dbExpDB2.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\dbExpINT.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\dbExpMySQL.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\dbExpORA.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\dbexpress.dcp
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\dbrtl.dcp
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\DBXpress.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\dsnap.dcp
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\dsnapcon.dcp
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\Forms.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\graphics.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\IniFiles.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\menus.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\MidasLib.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\MtsRdm.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\Printers.dcu 
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\Provider.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\registry.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\rtl.dcp
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\SqlConst.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\SqlConst.dcu.de
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\SqlConst.dcu.fr
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\SqlConst.dcu.jp
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\SqlExpr.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\StdCtrls.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\system.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\sysutils.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\ValEdit.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\Variants.dcu 
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\vcl.dcp
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\vcldb.dcp
\par  
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\ADODB.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\axctrls.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\comctrls.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\comserv.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\DB.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\DBClient.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\DBCommon.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\DBCtrls.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\DBXpress.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\Forms.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\graphics.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\inifiles.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\menus.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\MtsRdm.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\printers.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\Provider.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\registry.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\SqlConst.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\SqlConst.dcu.de
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\SqlConst.dcu.fr
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\SqlConst.dcu.jp
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\SqlExpr.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\stdctrls.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\system.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\sysutils.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\ValEdit.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\variants.dcu
\par                  <InstallDir>\\lib\\debug\\idl45\\Corba.dcu
\par  
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\rtl\\common\\ComServ.pas 
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\rtl\\common\\IniFiles.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\rtl\\common\\registry.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\Source\\rtl\\Corba45\\corba.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\rtl\\sys\\System.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\rtl\\sys\\sysutils.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\rtl\\sys\\Variants.pas
\par                  
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\ADODB.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\axctrls.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\comctrls.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\DB.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\DBClient.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\DBCommon.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\DBCtrls.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\DBXpress.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\Forms.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\graphics.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\menus.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\MtsRdm.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\Printers.pas 
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\Provider.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\SqlConst.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\SqlConst.pas.de
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\SqlConst.pas.fr
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\SqlConst.pas.jp
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\SqlExpr.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\StdCtrls.pas
\par                  <InstallDir>\\source\\vcl\\ValEdit.pas
\par                                   
\par 7.0.8.1          Windows\\system32\\adortl70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.1          Windows\\system32\\dbexpress70.bpl 
\par 7.0.8.2          Windows\\system32\\dbrtl70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.1          Windows\\system32\\dsnap70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.1          Windows\\system32\\dsnapcon70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.1          Windows\\system32\\rtl70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.1          Windows\\system32\\vcl70.bpl
\par 7.0.8.1          Windows\\system32\\vcldb70.bpl
\par 7.1.1692.666     Windows\\system32\\midas.dll
\par                 
\par 7.0.8.1          Common Files\\Borland Shared\\Debugger\\dcc70.dll
\par 
\par ======================================================
\par Copyright (c) 2004 Borland Software Corporation.
\par All rights reserved.}{\insrsid12915951 
\par }}